NYU is fully committed to the well-being of our students, and we
will do everything we can to make sure a student's experience is
both academically and socially fulfilling. However, should a student decide that the
campus at which they matriculate is not the right fit for him
or her, a request for a change of campus will be given
consideration. If a request for change of campus is approved, the Financial
Aid office will evaluate a student's financial circumstances in the context of
financial aid packages offered at the new campus. Financial aid packages vary
greatly among our three campuses, so students should be aware of this
reality should transferring become a consideration.